samples: matter: Updated Matter to pull BLE related improvements (#10019)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Default support for nRF7002 revision B.
  * Specific QR code and onboarding information in the documentation for each :ref:`Matter sample <matter_samples>` and the :ref:`Matter weather station <matter_weather_station_app>`.
  * The Bluetooth LE advertising arbiter class that enables easier coexistence of application components that want to advertise their Bluetooth LE services.

>   * Support for erasing settings partition during DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP for the nRF52 family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for erasing settings partition during DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP for the Nordic nRF52 Series' SoCs.
```
As per https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/MAR/Product+names

Reviewer 2: Did this change get reverted?

Author: Yes, that was unintentional problem during rebase. It's fixed now.

  * Enabled Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE coexistence.

* Updated:

  * The default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_device_certification` page with a section about certification document templates.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_overview_commissioning` page with information about :ref:`ug_matter_network_topologies_commissioning_onboarding_formats`.
  * Default retry intervals used by Matter Reliability Protocol for Matter over Thread to account for longer round-trip times in Thread networks with multiple intermediate nodes.

>   * Bluetooth LE connection timeout and parameters update timeout to make communication over Bluetooth LE make more reliably.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Bluetooth LE connection timeout and parameters update timeout to make communication over Bluetooth LE more reliable.
```
